To-Do List:

"Add teachers" page:
  multiselect for all users with teacher role
  allow adding to project.
"Add students" page:
  if teacher, multiselect for all users 
  with same org as teacher that have student role
  if admin, multiselect for all users with student role
  allow adding to project.

Create student page:
  give restrictions when creating that set email to same as techer that creates it.
  also

Get a dummy list of organizations and fill a page with them, displaying them in an organized manner
Get a list of projects by organization based on the organizations of the teacher who started the project
Set up project creation for teacher and admin user-type
Force users to add "organization" on creation.
Allow a project creator or admin to add student user-types to specific projects
Allow teacher or admin user-types to add student user-types.
Allow project creators or admins to add gigapans to specific projects
Allow project creators or admins to delete and edit gigapans from specific projects
Force added project gigapans to have 1 initial comment
Allow users to reply to specific comments with other comments and set up the display so it shows as nested.
Allow users to create new base comments that have a link to a section of the gigapan included.
Allow admins and teachers to delete and edit comments
Display most active project that a specific user is involved in on that user's dashboard.
Allow viewing of other users profiles.
Allow viewing of other users projects only if user is a teacher or admin.
Allow adding of other teachers to a project by project creators.
Figure out how we're importing the data from the current app into the new one.
figure out a solution to prune old data from the database after it has become no longer relavent
figure out validation tests for all models
Set-up email to use a pop-up contact form
Add email, profile pics, organization, and profile links to each comment based on user.
Figure out how we're handling the help page.
disable open signup
setup password edit on edit user page

DONE:
Fix Gigapan to project-gigapan relationship
Set links to go to the following pages:
  admin
  projects
  dashboard
  organizations
  help



